NFL Classic
In salary cap contests, participants will create a lineup by selecting players listed in the Player Pool.

Contest results will be determined by the total points accumulated by each individual lineup entry (scoring rules summarized below).

Participation in each contest must be made only as specified in the Terms of Use. Failure to comply with these Terms of Use will result in disqualification and, if applicable, prize forfeiture.

Scoring
Offense

Passing TD

+4 Pts

25 Passing Yards

+1 Pt (+0.04 Pts/ Yards)

300+ Yard Passing Game

+3 Pts

Interception

-1 Pt

Rushing TD

+6 Pts

10 Rushing Yards

+1 Pt (+0.1 Pts/Yard)

100+ Yard Rushing Game

+3 Pts

Receiving TD

+6 Pts

10 Receiving Yards

+1 Pt (+0.1 Pts/Yard)

100+ Receiving Yard Game

+3 Pts

Reception

+1 Pt

Punt/Kickoff/FG Return for TD

+6 Pts

Fumble Lost

-1 Pt

2 Pt Conversion (Pass, Run, or Catch)

+2 Pts

Offensive Fumble Recovery TD

+6 Pts

Defense

Sack

+1 Pt

Interception

+2 Pts

Fumble Recovery

+2 Pts

Punt/Kickoff/FG Return for TD

+6 Pts

Interception Return TD

+6 Pts

Fumble Recovery TD

+6 Pts

Blocked Punt or FG Return TD

+6 Pts

Safety

+2 Pts

Blocked Kick

+2 Pts

2 Pt Conversion/Extra Point Return

+2 Pts

0 Points Allowed

+10 Pts

1 – 6 Points Allowed

+7 Pts

7 – 13 Points Allowed

+4 Pts

14 – 20 Points Allowed

+1 Pt

21 – 27 Points Allowed

+0 Pts

28 – 34 Points Allowed

-1 Pt

35+ Points Allowed

-4 Pts

Scoring Notes
Points Allowed (PA) only includes points surrendered while DST is on the field - doesn't include points given up by team's offense (e.g. points off offensive turnovers).
The following scoring plays will result in Points Allowed by your Defense/Special Teams:
Rushing TDs, Passing TDs, Offensive Fumble Recovery TDs, Punt Return TDs, Kick Return TDs, FG Return TDs, Blocked FG TDs, Blocked Punt TDs
2pt conversions
2 Point Conversion/Extra-point Returns
Extra-points
Field-goals
A fumble recovery will be awarded to a Defense/Special Teams if the team's offense recovers a fumble by the opposing defense (e.g. after an offensive turnover).
Lineup Requirements
Lineups will consist of 9 players and must include players from at least 2 different NFL games. The 9 Roster positions are:

1

QB

2

RB

3

WR

1

TE

1

FLEX

(RB/WR/TE)

1

DST

Player Pool
The Player Pool will consist of all NFL players expected to be on the active roster for any team scheduled to play in the contest Game Set. Occasionally a player may be missing from the Player Pool due to trades or other unforeseen circumstances. Each player listed in the player pool has an assigned salary and a valid lineup must not exceed the salary cap of $50,000.

Due to the fluid nature of rosters, in the event a team adjusts their roster after player pools are finalized, DraftKings reserves the right to adjust player pools after contests for that Game Set have become available. In these instances, additional players may be added to the Player Pool up until 48 hours before a Game Set’s lock. This may result in valid lineups becoming invalid. Any participants who have entered contests for the Game Set prior to the adjustment will be notified via email.

A "Game Set" is a set of games used for contests; each contest is tied to one Game Set. Contests tied to the same Game Set can be created at different times. Therefore, game policies are based on the timing of a Game Set being made available, not each individual contest.

Position Eligibility
Player positions are determined at the sole discretion of DraftKings.

Lineup Edits
Lineups may be edited at any time leading up to games. Each individual player will become "locked" at the scheduled start time of their team’s game. A locked player cannot be added or removed from a roster spot. Locked roster spots for all entries are displayed in contest GameCenters.

If the scheduled start time for a game changes after contests for a Game Set containing that game become available, DraftKings will take measures to ensure the change is reflected on Draft Screens and for lineup editing purposes. In the rare case that a game starts before the scheduled start time, all players within that game will become locked as soon as our feed reflects that the game has begun. Additionally, any swaps that were made after the real-life start time of the game will result in those lineups being disqualified and refunded.

Cancelled, Postponed, and Rescheduled Games
In the event that a game is cancelled or postponed & rescheduled to a time within the original Scoring Period and this change is made less than 24 hours before a Game Set’s start, the game will be included in the Game Set and players listed to play in that game will be eligible to accrue points.

If a game is rescheduled for a time OUTSIDE the original Scoring Period and this change is made less than 24 hours before a Game Set’s start, the game will be disabled from the Game Set and players listed to play in that game will NOT be eligible to accrue point. Players who you selected for your roster as of the time of the lock of the disabled game will remain in your roster and will accrue zero points. Players in disabled games will become locked at the originally scheduled start time of their game.

The Scoring Period for NFL is defined as the timeframe between the scheduled start of the first game within the Game Set and 11:59pm ET on the first Wednesday after the last scheduled game within the Game Set. In the event that a game is cancelled or postponed & rescheduled to any time (both outside & within the original Scoring Period) and this change is made MORE than 24 hours before a Game Set’s start, it is at the sole discretion of Draftkings to include or remove the game from that given Game Set.

In the event a game is postponed, Draftkings will make a decision no later than 11:59pm ET of the day of the game on how to handle the postponed game.

DraftKings may choose to adjust the Scoring Period for a Game Set at their sole discretion to accommodate schedule changes to any time before 12:00am ET on the day after the Game Set is scheduled.

Any games that are disabled will be indicated as such on Draft Screens. Emails and other notifications may also be used to notify users of disabled games.

If canceled or games rescheduled for a later date result in a Game Set including only one active game, then all contests for that Game Set will be canceled and refunded.

Games are "known" to be canceled or postponed once their status is updated as such by DraftKings’ NFL stats-provider, STATS LLC.

Example: If a Game Set includes two games at 8pm ET and 10:30pm ET respectively, and the 10:30pm ET game is officially postponed at 6pm ET then all contests for that Game Set are canceled and refunded. If the 10:30pm ET game was not officially postponed until after 8pm ET then contests for that Game Set are not canceled and are played out using only the one active game.

If canceled or rescheduled games result in a Game Set including zero active games, all contests for that Game Set will be canceled and refunded.

Suspended or Shortened Games
DraftKings uses official NFL statistics and only includes statistics from games NFL deems to be official. If the NFL declares a game "suspended" then the statistics generated before the game is suspended will count in Game Sets containing said game. Any statistics generated on a later date when the game resumes will not be included.

In the event that a game is suspended due to an injury or other "Act of God" type instance (determined at DK's sole discretion), and the game does NOT continue by the end of the scoring period (defined as 11:59PM ET on the first Wednesday after the last scheduled game within the game set), the following applies:

If the game is part of a multi-game set (such as Classic), all stats accrued up until the time of stoppage will count toward the set.
If the game is part of a single game set (such as Showdown), the following will apply:
If the suspension occurs in the first half of the game, the set will be refunded.
If the suspension occurs at halftime, or in the second half of the game, the set will be paid out as scored at time of suspension.
Simulated NFL Classic
Game Settings
Difficulty: All-Madden
Game Style: Arcade
Event Type: Exhibition
Even Teams: Off
Quarter Length: 8 minutes
Accelerated Clock: On
Play Clock: 20 seconds
Depth Charts found here.
Note:

In contests that are streamed where commentators are incorporated, the commentators are not in the same room as the game system device, and do not access to the game controllers. The actions of game operations or commentators cannot alter the outcome of the simulation.

Stream Links
Games are available for viewing in Game Center under the submitted lineup. Additional streams can be found on Twitch, at DK Nation, and on YouTube.

Game & Stream Malfunction Policy
In the event of a game malfunction, all Game Sets with the affected match up will be cancelled and refunded. A game malfunction is defined as any malfunction that prohibits the game from finishing. There are rare instances in which there may be a malfunction of the DraftKings stream, but the game itself remains unaffected. In these cases, the streams will be completed offline. Gamecenters will update at the end of each quarter in these scenarios. DraftKings will publish the box scores of these contests, and all scores will be considered final after confirmation of all scoring plays and turnovers by our operations team.